1 hour of filming could create 30 days
of YouTube content for your channel. And
I'm going to walk you through my exact
stepbystep system to post YouTube videos
consistently, even if you have no
experience, fancy equipment, or a team
of 50 people. My name is Brian and I've
created videos for the top YouTube
channels and I've made over 50 million
views and millions of dollars with that
content. Let's be honest here, no one
likes getting on camera and recording.
It takes time, it's effort, and it's
exhausting. And that's why you clicked
on this video because you're a lazy. So,
if you want to save a bunch of time
filming videos, you need a proper system
to badge record. But here's what most
people get wrong about batch filming.
They think that the hard part is sitting
in front of the camera for an hour. But
really, that's not the hard part. That's
super duper easy. The hard part is what
happens before recording. Because
filming day success depends entirely on
your preparation quality. If you show up
unprepared, you'll spend more time
thinking than talking and that one hour
will slowly turn to three hours or four
hours of painful recording sessions. So
that means you want to have the scripts
for your videos prepared for the month
before recording day. So if you're
aiming for one video a week, like most
businesses and creators should, then you
need four videos ready if you want to
film that in 1 hour. In terms of
preparing your videos, you have two
script approaches that work before batch
filming. So, the first is having full
teleprompter scripts where you write out
every single word word for word that
you're going to say. All you have to do
is load the script into the teleprompter
and then just read the words off the
teleprompter. It's that easy. So, on
recording day, you don't really have to
think too much about what exact words to
say, what exact things to do. You can
actually focus on talking to the camera,
what hand gestures you're going to have,
and your tonality and speaking speed.
It's a lot easier that way, honestly.
But the caveat of course is that it
takes a little bit more time to write
out everything word for word and making
sure that everything is in your voice
because you have to spend some time
actually making sure and reading over it
before you get in front of the camera to
make sure you know it's actually
coherent and authentic to you rather
than it sounding super robotic. Plus
taking time learning how to use a
teleprompter, buying a teleprompter and
actually getting good so that when you
look at the teleprompter it doesn't look
like your eyes are shifting everywhere.
All of this takes time to learn. So
maybe might be a little bit difficult.
And the second approach is to use bullet
point frameworks. Right? You want to
write out your main key points, the
transitions, important phrases, and then
use these as props to speak naturally.
And one of the pros is that it feels
more authentic. It feels more
conversational. And you really, if
you're an expert at your craft, and you
know a little bit about what persuasion
is, what hooks are, it's a lot easy for
you to improvise. get on the camera, say
a couple points, expand on it a little
bit, and the recording will actually
come out a lot more personable, a lot
more like yourself. But I would say it
requires you to be more confident on
camera. So, here's how to determine
which approach you should use. So,
scripts should make recording easier,
never harder. So, if it stresses you out
and reading words off a teleprompter is
unnatural to you, then you should write
a bulletoint script. But if you write a
bullet point script and then you find
that when you get it from the camera,
you just ramble, ramble, ramble. The
output isn't actually anything good,
then you need to write a word for word
script. There is no hard or fast rule
that says, "Oh, you need to write a word
for word script and use a teleprompter
or that you should use bullet point
scripts because it feels more natural
and you need to speak this way on
YouTube for you to go viral." There
there's no such thing as that. You just
kind of do what works for you, right? If
something doesn't work for you, then
just change your approach. if something
works for you and just because some of
the biggest creators do it doesn't mean
that you have to follow it. You want to
figure out what works for you and then
just double down on that. But it's
important that when you write your
scripts, all of your research and prep
work must happen before filming. That
means your ideas need to be researched
and your outlines need to be complete
and your scripts need to be written and
your editor notes need to be ready. So
that way filming will be a ton easier if
your preparation is done. But if you
don't have time to script your video and
you want to use AI, I recently became a
co-founder of Subscriber, which is an AI
tool that writes scripts for you in 12
minutes. And you can use it that it's
way, way, way easier. Which brings me to
step two, the night before rehearsal
strategy. Most creators make a massive
mistake on filming day. They read the
scripts for the first time when they sit
down to record, and this is why their
delivery sounds stilted and why they
stumble through their content. So the
big tactic is that the night before your
filming session, you want to set aside
30 minutes to read your scripts word for
word. And even if you're using bullet
point scripts, I want you to read
through your outline as if you're on
camera, right? So actually act like
you're in front of the camera and saying
it with enthusiasm, saying it in your
most authentic way and going through
each bullet point. You want to do this
so that you are familiar with your
content before you get in front of the
camera. You should be reading it out
loud, not lying down on the couch in the
living room with your girlfriend and
mumbling it to yourself. Because it's
only when you read it out loud will you
realize that, oh, that's not something
that I say or, oh, that sounds kind of
weird. Let me maybe shift some of the
ideas. And really, when you read your
script out loud and make some of the
edits the night before, it will let some
of the ideas marinade in your head. And
really, on filming day, you'll be a lot
more confident because the content will
feel familiar instead of foreign. And
this small step removes any awkward
pauses and forgotten points. And because
you are a lot more familiar with the
content, right, you can focus on what
hand gestures you're going to say rather
than worrying about what is the next
word that I'm going to say. Which brings
me to step three, which is to simplify
your recording setup. Cuz really, your
recording setup can make or break your
batch filming strategy. If it takes you
30 minutes to set up lights, adjust the
camera angles, and troubleshoot audio
issues, you'll immediately lose a ton of
time and you lose momentum before you
even started recording because you won't
feel like recording because you're
playing around with equipment here,
playing around with equipment there.
Really, all you need is three things for
quality YouTube videos. Camera, a light,
and a microphone. That's it. Don't over
complicate it. You don't necessarily
need multiple camera angles, complex
lighting rigs, or professional studio
setups unless you really, really feel
the absolute need to. Right? a phone.
Basic lighting are enough to create
professionallook content. Right now I'm
recording in the studio. You can see
here that I have a sure mic. I'm using a
Sony ZV10 and I have a light box over
here that is pointing right at my face.
And obviously I have lighting kind of in
the back of my head that you can see is
bouncing off like the back of my head.
So here it's yellow. Here it's like a
little bit blue. And that's to say that
you can book a studio if you need to.
But when I was traveling the world and I
was, you know, in between Airbnbs,
literally all that I had was that I had
this mic, I had a camera, I had a
tripod, and I had literally like a light
that I would put a white singler over.
I'll pull up a picture here. And that's
literally how I recorded a bunch of
videos. And if you were to watch back at
some of my videos, you can see that the
background is completely different. And
that was literally my MVP setup, right?
You don't need anything super duper
complex. These are all nice to haves if
you have all of these complex lights and
all this nice studio background. But the
most important thing is that you have a
simple setup that's reliable that you
can put up in less than 30 minutes and
you can get to recording immediately. If
your setup is complicated, you'll find
excuses not to film. And if your setup
is simple, you'll actually follow
through on your batch recording. I
promise you. And if you're anything like
me and you have all of the equipment,
but you're still too lazy to record
videos, here's a super actionable tip.
What I do is I book a studio once a
month. Like that's why I have the
studio, right? Many cities have hourly
studio rentals with professional
lighting, camera, audio equipment
already set up or they will have people
to help you set it up. So all you have
to do is prepay for 1 to two hours of
studio time because when you've already
paid for studio time, you will show up
and you will record because it is
scheduled and it is paid for. You cannot
procrastinate when you have a booked
appointment and money on the line. And
really, you can save a bunch of time
setting up cameras and lighting that you
don't understand or you really can't be
bothered to understand. With this, you
might pay a little bit more, but you
will have more bandwidth to work on
other parts of your business. Maybe
spend more time with family, or if you
just want to spend more time scripting
videos, you can, too. Now, we get to the
actual recording session. This is where
the preparation pays off, and simple
setups save you time. All you're going
to do is sit down and deliver your
scripts one after another without breaks
between videos. If you're using a
teleprompter, this process becomes
nearly effortless because you read
script one, finish the video, load
script two, and then you just keep
going. Teleprompter maintains your pace
and eliminates the mental load of having
to remember content. And as for bullet
point scripts, you hit each main point
and move on to the next video. Really,
you don't need to be a perfectionist
about every single word when you are
talking about bullet point scripts
because your editor can clean up any
small mistakes and awkward pauses that
you have. Here's some simple math to
prove to you that you can actually
record the month's video in 60 minutes.
So, if you have four 10-minute videos to
record and you have teleprompterss,
which takes approximately 15 minutes of
recording time each, 15 * 4 is 60
minutes. Simple math. So, 15 minutes
because it includes brief pauses
whenever you are reading something or
maybe there's certain mistakes that you
have. It gives you a little bit of
leeway and you can actually do four
videos in 15 minutes if you are super
focused. Your pre-preparation is done
right and in and out 60 minutes, half
the month's worth of content. If you
asked me whether I would trade two hours
a month for four long-term video assets
that can be pushed by the YouTube
algorithm to build trust for my business
or make me famous if that was what I was
trying to do. I take that trade every
second of the day because I know I only
need one YouTube video to change my
life. And if you record once a month,
you've created 30 days of content in one
focus session. You're not dealing with
daily setup and then you got to break it
down, right? You're not managing
equipment every day. You're not moving
thousands of like heavy equipment every
single day. You're not trying to
remember what video you're supposed to
film today. Really, you can achieve 30
days of content in 1 hour if you have
momentum throughout your recording
session. You don't need to review
footage in between videos, right? You
don't have to second guessess your
delivery. You don't need to restart
videos from the start, unless you really
make major factor errors, which won't
happen if you actually prepare your
video. Trust your preparation and your
script and keep moving through your
content. Record everything in one
session and then step away from your
footage. Your job is content creation,
not perfectionism. Now, I want to talk
about some logistics and tactical stuff
when it comes to saving all of the files
and handing off your video to your
editor or maybe you're the one editing
the video. Because what you do after the
recording is as important to get your
video uploaded on time as what you do
during the recording. What most people
will do is that they will finish their
recording and then they will let the
footage sit on their computer for days
of weeks. And really the problem with
this is that when you don't get it to
your editor ASAP, he won't be able to
forecast how much work that he has to do
and maybe if he's a freelancer, he'll go
on and take on other projects that will
really absolutely screw you and your
upload schedule. What you want to do is
that you want to upload all of your
videos into a cloud, right? Maybe it's
iCloud or Google Drive, right? Either of
those work. And then you want to send it
to your editor immediately. And you want
to give him clear instructions on which
video is which, where he can find
certain files, and then ask them if they
have any questions on your script. Let's
say you read full script or bullet point
script. You want to give them editor
notes so that they know, okay, exactly
where you screwed up or what kind of
edit you want it to be so that they know
exactly what they need to do with the
specific files that you gave them. And
most of all, you want to make sure that
they have drive access so that when you
upload the video, you know that they can
immediately download it and stop doing
the A cut because once they've stopped
doing the A cut, they can send that over
to you and you know that it's actually
being edited. So, as soon as you finish
recording, upload everything to the
shared folder, right? The raw footage,
scripts, all the bullet points, and any
detailed editor notes, right? Mark up
any mistakes that you notice during
filming. Provide timestamps or
descriptions so that the editor knows
exactly what to fix. And if there are
certain additional assets that your
editor might need like graphics,
animations, B-roll, footage, intro,
maybe you are very particular about the
way it's done. You don't want to make it
so that your editor has to hunt for
assets and guess exactly how you want
the video to be. And that way it will be
a lot easier for you to review, approve,
and upload the video. You just want to
make sure that if the editor is good,
they have all of the assets that they
need to actually do their job. And
really, you're the creative director
here. You want to give that to them all
in one shot. And really with this
process, you can make sure that your
editor has a consistent flow of projects
from you. So that when they are done
with one project, let's say they finish
it in 4 days, they can immediately start
working on your next project instead of
having to wait days for you to actually
give them the next video. And that way
you can actually start creating a
backlog of videos. And really, a backlog
of videos is how you actually hit a
consistent posting cadence. But remember
what I told you at the start of the
video. The biggest time sake in this
entire process isn't the filming. It's
not the setup. It's the scripting of the
videos. Most creators simply don't have
the time to spend hours writing full
scripts when they could create better
content in 15 minutes using bullet
points. So, if you want to learn how to
write less and get better scripts, watch
this video right here. Thanks for
watching and I'll see you in the next